all right back an old homebrew update
yeah plating let's see we have steel
plate 5 steel plate 95 and a curve
sphere this
this will work well on my tank I'm glad
I wasted all that time trying to angle
trying to angle all those helicopter
wings so yeah I have to get back to that
I had some I've had requests for more
homebrew videos I was kind of taking a
little break I'm kind of waiting for
that new user interface I didn't want to
get into it too much if a lot of its
gonna change and make things a lot
easier so that's been my fog whoo what I
do
sure would be nice to have an undo
button guys I know that one's coming
yeah I need to I need to get back into
this I'm getting a little getting a
little lazy just been playing some other
things but what does that do but just a
separate option for ground why did my
voice get so high yeah let's see what
happens with that look around camera but
I don't have look around selected is
that maybe third person I'm thinking
that's the third person yeah okay lass
that's kind of cool so now we have a
third person camera we can rotate I like
that I just need a little drone so I can
go exploring because I wanted to see
what's it though I want to see what's in
the water i know nothing's in the water
but bear with me it seemed like it would
be a fun little thing to do group
oh I didn't link the speedometer
correctly during it
it's good looking around
Oh whew I wonder could I make a little
helicopter drone now that's let my one
complaint I love this game but it's
really hard to make small things i like
to make the small things
also just as I'm noticing with this
drone it would be nice to be able to put
a marker on your vehicle on the one you
detach is that there it is not need it
do it come back where the hell are you
oh I think it ran out of batteries well
it was just a little test a little drone
yeah it's uh that's pretty cool we got a
nice third person camera now that we can
move let's welcome and some pretty sweet
plating so okay yeah that was just a
quick little quick little revisit to the
old homebrew i'll be making more trying
to get back into it I'll see all around